PEMF therapy or Pulse Electromagnetic Field (PEMF) therapy has been used since the 1960s. Today there are over twenty thousand reviews and studies showing how beneficial PEMF is. With the Earth Field Collapse, PEMF therapy, in a nutshell, Replicates and Amplifies the earth’s natural magnetic field and its natural frequencies. PEMF facilitates healing and re-energized your cells by boosting ATP, un-coagulating the blood, charging the body with bio-photons, and opening the cell walls for facilitating removal of waste and providing an intake of nutritional ions through cell membranes. Thus, focusing on the root cause of almost all ailments at the cellular level. NASA discovered that life would not exist without these natural earth magnetic fields. Studies also determined astronauts need the earth’s magnetic field and frequencies for bone growth and immune system support. The International space station is fitted with PEMF devices for this reason. PEMF therapy is FDA approved for bone regeneration, pain, headaches, sports medicine, post-surgery, physical therapy, brain cancer, Regenerative Medicine, and neurological disorders such as depression.
The SENTIENT ELEMENT is one of the most powerful and affordable PEMF hardware devices on the market allowing you to choose from long, low-intensity sessions to short, deep penetrating high-intensity sessions, or anything in between. Our goal was to create the most powerful and properly designed PEMF hardware devices on the market at the best possible price. We believe we have succeeded in reaching our goal.
1) Here is why? Ordinary or typical house wiring has a 15 amp or 20-amp circuit for the 120-volt North American electrical systems. The Element is designed with a 2500-watt one-ohm stable amplifier. Your 20-amp house circuit is 2400 watts, this makes the Element more powerful than the largest 120-volt circuit in your home...!
2) Operational Frequencies range from 7Hz to 10,000Hz. Our Earth coil is designed to work extremely efficient from 7Hz to 2,500Hz. We have other coil designs that work in higher ranges, soon to be released for other purposes.
3) We have over 300 continuous Gauss which translates to 150,000 Gauss if we were to cheat and measure the one-millisecond pulse as our competition does. Our Element is a 50/50 duty cycle just like what our God-given natural earth field provides. Now our earth field is crashing exponentially.
